{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Uninformed Search\
\
1. What is a look-ahead search problem? Example.\
\
	Look-ahead stand is a search performed in an environment composed of a set of distinct states. The agent\'92s initial state, a set of possible actions when in state 
\i s
\i0 , A transition model, which returns the state that results from taking action 
\i a
\i0  in state 
\i s
\i0 , and the goal test which tells us whether the current state is the goal state.\
	Example - Navigation\
	states = cities. Initial state = City you begin in. Actions = choices of roads leaving the current state. Transition model = the map, tells us the next states. Goal = destination state.\
\
2. How can a look-ahead search problem be formalized as a state space.\
\
	As above.\
\
3. What order would the nodes be encountered if the graph was searched?\
	\
	a. DFS L-R = n1, n2, n4, n5, n3, n6, n7\
	b. BFS R-L = n1, n3, n2, n7, n6, n5, n4\
\
4. Alternative search strategies\
	\
	a. Summarise the advantages of DFS and BFS\
		\
		DFS - if solutions are dense, may be faster than BFS. Uses linear space (complexity)\
		BFS - Saves all states in memory. Solution will definitely be found. Will find the shortest path\
	b. How does iterative deepening search obtain the advantages of both methods while avoiding their disadvantages\
		\
		}